All right the last thing that we need to do is to authorize
this accept answer button because as you
remember only the user that created the question
can accept the particular answer
as best answer right?
So let's go back to our editor and re-open answer policy.
Let's duplicate the existing method
and then change this to let's say accept
here we need to match the current user ID with the user ID that create the question.
So here we can change the right side to answer question
user id
Now let's go back to accept
Answer controller
and here we can authorize this action by saying this authorize accept answer.
Finally let's go back to underscore index.blade.php
and here we can check if the current user can accept the answer
save all changes
here
Let's reload the page
the accept button still appear
Now let's go back to all questions
and find the question that owned by other user
as you can see the accept control is hidden.
Actually here we need to show the green check
icon only to the answer that has been accepted as best answer
so that anyone that see this question can know which
answer that has been accepted as best answer.
So let me go back to previous question.
So this question is created by current user
and here an answer has been accepted as best
answer
So as I said we need to show the green check
icon to mark this answer as best answer
to anyone that see this question.
So to do that let's go back to our editor
and here we can
add `else` which means the user is not the
authenticated to accept this answer.
Inside this
we can add if statement to check if the answer is accepted as
best answer or not.
If yes
then we can show the green check
icon. Here we can simply copy this and paste here.
And then let's change the title
let's say
the question owner
accepted accepted this
Answer as best
answer
And then we don't need this on click
so let's remove it.
OK
now we can go back to answer model and define this accessor
here let's define new accessor
get is best attribute.
Here the logic for this accessor is almost
the same with this get status attribute
So let me cut this
and change to return
this is best
And here I can define another method
Is best
and simply say return and paste the previous code.
Now here in this accessor we can simply say return
this is best like so.
All right
let's save all changes.
Sorry I have double `return` here.
Save.
Now let's make sure everything is working as it was.
Whoops I got error.
end for each
Let me see
OK here
It should be `@endif` save reload again.
OK it's working as it was. Now let me copy
this url and then I'll open
Incognito window
and paste the url here.
As you can see the green check icon appears
to indicate that this answer is accepted.
Now let me see another question.
And here we don't see the green check
icon because none of this answer has been accepted.
as best answer.
All right
We have successfully added a new feature to our application that allows the creator or owner of the
question to accept the particular answer
as best answer. Now you can save your changes to your git repo
take a quick break and then go to the next lesson.